1) Take a picture/screenshot of your white board, post it notes, Google doc, or whatever you use for initial brainstorming.
We have attached snippet of white board which has initial brainstroming details as well as mind map.

2) Tell me what GANTT chart tracking software you've chose to use (Excel, Google sheets, dotProject, etc.)
Presently, we have decided to use Excel as a GNATT chart tracking tool to give timely updates regarding out project.

3) Submit a PDF version of your initial schedule with half week intervals. It should show the critical path, dependencies among subtasks,  who will do what, etc.
Attached the pdf file which shows the initial schedule.

4) Propose a plan for updating the GANTT chart each week. Will you meet to update it collectively? 
Will you identify one person who will be in charge of actually updating the GANTT chart and exporting a PDF version along with some high level notes 
about how it has changed (more subtasks added, some subtasks completed, critical path slipping, new estimates)?
We are planning to update the GNATT chart every Sunday. No, we won't do it collectively rather we would assign this task to two members so that the GNATT chart is not messy. 
But we will make sure that there are 2 members taking this responsibility. We will make sure that each phase as task and each task has a subtask with a detailed comment.

5) Describe your anticipated/target MVP as well as at least one "Plan B" MVP for if the schedule is slipping and a "Plan A+" if things are going really well.
We are aiming to deliver at least one/two features that our user is expecting in the software. 
The user has given us the understanding of how the present software works and is expecting us to add different features to the existing software. 
So our plan is to build a software that has these additional features that is expected by te user.

6) What is on the critical path in your GANTT chart towards your MVP?
Presently we have not yet decided the critical path in  our GNATT chart but as per the discussions going on we believe that the critical path in achieving MVP in our GNATT chart would be integration of existing user software with our deliverable product.

7) Identify a list of key risks to the success of your project. Make a plan for resolving the risks as early as is possible.
The major risk that we see in our project is integration of existing user software with our deliverable product that we already addressed in the above question.
Apart from this there are no such major risks.